as you know I hope you know yesterday
was Father's Day and we have a tradition
on our show every Father's Day we
challenge kids to mess with their dads
record it and upload it to YouTube this
year we asked you to play catch with
your dad when he wasn't expecting it
just say dad catch and throw something
we got some great responses hundreds
maybe thousands and we narrowed them
down to the best and here it is our
YouTube challenge for 2016
hey Jimmy Kimmel I played catch with my
dad
happy Father's Day
damnit Kennedy it's sugar
hey Dad can you hold a second what is
wrong with you again dad thank you
he did catch hey that's great yeah I'm
good in then thank you just what I
needed
oh my god catch that catch that catch
why are you touching your stone you
stink like we'd gather open Jimmy Kimmel
said to do it yeah when I have to say to
Jimmy Kimmel dad
cat
all right don't you I don't want that
all right thanks for watching if you
liked that subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all the latest videos and if
didn't subscribe anyway it's free who
cares